Hint on `cds-dk` as design-time only package. (#2603)
cap-js/docs: tools/apis/index.md

cds.import(...)
```

> [!important] Do not load cds-dk code at runtime
> Note that the `@sap/cds-dk` is a designtime dependency that runs locally or in CI pipelines.

> > Avoid loading code like above at application runtime in deployed applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!important] Don't load cds-dk code at runtime
> Note that `@sap/cds-dk` is a design-time dependency that runs locally or in continuous integration (CI) pipelines. 
> Avoid loading the previously shown code at application runtime in deployed applications.
```
